CO2 Emissions on Vehicles

Readme file

The goal of this app is to make users aware of the enivronmental impact
their preferred method of transportation is creating.

The purpose is to compare the CO2 emissions along a selected route of
various transportation methods (including mid-sized, full-sized,
plus-sized, hybrid and compact vehicles).

Start by clicking the icon in the upper rigt of th window to open the
popup window

The pop-up window displays the functions of the app; from left to right
as follows:

I. Legend

The Legend tab displays and describes the layers within the app

II. Layer List

This tab shows which of the layers are being displayed at any one time.
Any one may be turn on or off by checking or unchecking the box to that
file name's left.

III. Geoprocessing

This tab has an input and output section. Start in the input section and
click the icon just below "Start Location". Click on the map where your
starting location is.

Then click the same icon below "End Location" and click on the map where
your end locaiton is.

Once noth points are chosen, click "Execute" on the bottom right of the
tab display.

This will create a route from start location to end location. A display
window will appear by clicking on the route which shows the user the
amount of CO2 emissions (in kg/m^2) various types of transportation
methods would produce along that route.

The emissions calculated compare mid-sized, full-sized, plus-sized,
hybrid and compact vehicles.

IV. Directions

The directions tab produces the same results as the Geoprocessing tab
only it allows you to enter starting and ending addresses.

This function also allows the user to add stops or barriers to their
route by clicking on the respective icons.

This option also allows the user to compare city versus rural drive
times and dsitances.

There is also an option to "return to start".

The route is calculated by clicking "Get Directions". A dsiplay window
will once again appear by clicking the route, displaying the CO2
emissions from the various transportation types as mentioned above.

V. Search

Selecting the Search tab will close the whole pop-up window and allow
the user to explore the map area.
